
About the job

Overview

Draper is an independent, nonprofit research and development company headquartered in Cambridge, MA. The 2,000+ employees of Draper tackle important national challenges with a promise of delivering successful and usable solutions. From military defense and space exploration to biomedical engineering, lives often depend on the solutions we provide. Our multidisciplinary teams of engineers and scientists work in a collaborative environment that inspires the cross-fertilization of ideas necessary for true innovation. For more information about Draper, visit www.draper.com.

Job Description Summary

The Software Engineer 2 works on mission-oriented projects that span from self-driving cars and unmanned vehicles to medical applications and fielded systems for battlefield situational awareness. Software Engineers work on multiple projects in an Agile environment, converting customer requirements into functional, scalable software solutions. As a part of the Software Engineering Team, developers will build out software solutions and see a project through from the design and requirements stage all the way to testing and deployment in the field.

The Full Stack Group develops unique and custom web applications for external customers spanning military, government, and commercial industries. We love the internet and aim to build products we ourselves would want to use.

Duties/Responsibilities

Job Description:

     Independently execute task assignments under the some oversight of program leadership and/or senior staff.
     Designs algorithms using modern theory and proven techniques, adheres to software best practices.
     Analyzes designs to demonstrate performance and functionality.
     Develops and executes software tests to check compliance with requirements.
     Prepares technical data, procedures, reports, drawings, manuals, and other required documentation.
     Communicates with customers and stakeholders to establish requirements and describe the design and deliverables.
     Identify challenges and risks associated with assigned tasks and communicate them to project leadership.
     Drives solutions to complex problems with limited direction - contribute to requirements development, propose unique solutions, and adapt appropriately to changes in requirements.
     Provides insight and suggest adaptations or modifications to processes and/or applications based on quantitative data or results.
     Identifies project technical risks and mitigation strategies.

Skills/Abilities

     Curiosity-driven approach to solving complex, customer-driven problems as part of a multi-disciplinary team.
     Demonstrate an ability to learn new programming languages and technologies quickly.
     Collaborate and communicate effectively and openly with multi-disciplinary program team members, program leadership, and non-technical personnel.
     A team player able to work in a fast-paced environment with the ability to balance multiple competing tasks and demands.

Education

Requires a bachelor's in Computer Science or other related field. Master's degree is preferred.

Experience

3-5 years experience in Software Engineering or related field.

Additional Job Description

Applicants selected for this position will be required to obtain and maintain a government security clearance.

Secret clearance is required.

*onsite work required in Tampa, FL customer*

Connect With Draper for Future Opportunities! If you don't find the right posting in our Career Opportunities, you may submit your resume for future consideration.

Job Location - City:

St. Petersburg

Job Location - State:

Florida

Job Location - Postal Code:

33716

Our work is very important to us, but so is our life outside of work. Draper supports many programs to improve work-life balance including workplace flexibility, employee clubs ranging from photography to yoga, health and finance workshops, off site social events and discounts to local museums and cultural activities. If this specific job opportunity and the chance to work at a nationally renowned R&D innovation company appeals to you, apply now www.draper.com/careers.

Draper is committed to creating an inclusive environment. We understand the value of inclusivity and its impact on a high-performance culture. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Draper is committed to providing access, equal opportunity, and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. To request reasonable accommodation, please contact hr@draper.com.
